[CARBONDATA-4308]: added docs for streamer tool configs (#4243)
apache/carbondata: docs/configuration-parameters.md

| carbon.update.check.unique.value | true | By default this property is true, so update will validate key value mapping. This validation might have slight degrade in performance of update query. If user knows that key value mapping is correct, can disable this validation for better update performance by setting this property to false. |

## Streamer tool Configuration
| Parameter                         | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------------------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

>  | carbon.streamer.target.database   | <none> | The database name where the target table is present to merge the incoming data. If not given by user, system will take the current database in the spark session.                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: looks like <none> is not displayed in the document. can change to (none). Please handle in other places also

 | carbon.streamer.target.table      | <none> | The target carbondata table where the data has to be merged. If this is not configured by user, the operation will fail.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

>  | carbon.streamer.source.type       | kafka | Streamer tool currently supports 2 different types of data sources. One can ingest data from either kafka or DFS into target carbondata table using streamer tool.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | carbon.streamer.source.type       | kafka | Streamer tool currently supports two types of data sources. One can ingest data from either kafka or DFS into target carbondata table using streamer tool.                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
